Crons initial docs (#5985)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/crons/feedback.mdx

---
title: Feedback
sidebar_order: 4
---

> Have trouble or want to provide feedback? Create an issue in our [Sentry Github repository](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry/issues/new/choose), or reach out to us at [crons-feedback@sentry.io](mailto:crons-feedback@sentry.io).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're having trouble, or want to share feedback, we want to hear from you. Create an issue in our [Sentry Github repository](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry/issues/new/choose), or reach out to us at [crons-feedback@sentry.io](mailto:crons-feedback@sentry.io).
```

I would add this section to the bottom of the "troubleshooting page". It doesn't really make sense for this to have its own page.
